Update Authentication tutorial (#198)
w3c-ccg/traceability-interop: docs/tutorials/authentication/README.md

This tutorial describes how to obtain an access token for use in making authenticated requests to a VC API endpoint.

## Prerequisites

Before getting started, you must ensure that you have the appropriate software installed locally. Installation of these items is beyond the scope of this document, but instructions can be found for your operating system at the links provided:

* First step is to download and install [Postman](https://www.postman.com/).
* You will also want to download and install [Newman](https://learning.postman.com/docs/running-collections/using-newman-cli/command-line-integration-with-newman/).

If you are not already familar with Postman, we recommend you complete the first few sections of their learning center from the link above.

You may also find it beneficial to review [Oauth.com Documentation](https://www.oauth.com/oauth2-servers/client-registration/client-id-secret/) before proceeding.

## Setup and Configuration

First, create a new Postman workspace to hold all of your Traceability Interoperability related tutorial collections. Click the "Workspaces" dropdown in the main Postman menu, then click the "Create Workspace" button.

> Name your new workspace "Traceability Interoperability".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Name your new workspace `Traceability Interoperability`.
```

<img src="./resources/create-workspace.png"/>

> Start your setup by creating a new Postman collection called "Authentication Tutorial", and a new Postman environment called "Authentication Tutorial"; all requests and environment variables in this tutorial will be created in these new containers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Start your setup by creating a new Postman collection called `Authentication Tutorial`, and a new Postman environment called `Authentication Tutorial`; all requests and environment variables in this tutorial will be created in these new containers.
```

## Access Token Request

> The first thing you will need to do is create is an access token request along with the supporting environment variable configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, create an access token request along with the supporting environment variable configuration.
```

### Environment

> Add the following variable configuration to the "Authentication Tutorial" Postman  environment that you created during setup:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add the following variable configuration to the "Authentication Tutorial" Postman environment that you created during setup:
```

<dl>
  <dt><code>CLIENT_ID</code></dt>
  <dd>The client ID obtained from your OAuth service provider.</dd>
  <dt><code>CLIENT_SECRET</code></dt>
  <dd>

>     The client secret obtained from your OAuth service provider. 🔥 Be especially careful with `CLIENT_SECRET`🔥, If it is stolen it will allow an attacker the ability to perform all api operations supported by your service provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The client secret obtained from your OAuth service provider. 🔥 _**Be especially careful with `CLIENT_SECRET`!**_ 🔥 If it is stolen, an attacker can use it to perform all API operations supported by your service provider.
```

  </dd>
  <dt><code>TOKEN_AUDIENCE</code></dt>
  <dd>
    This value is used to identify the service provider API that the token will be used to access. You may need to configure your identity provider and token endpoint to support this value.
  </dd>
  <dt><code>TOKEN_ENDPOINT</code></dt>
  <dd>

>     This is the endpoint used to obtain an access token for Machine to Machine connection secured via <code>CLIENT_ID</code> and <code>CLIENT_SECRET</code>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This is the endpoint used to obtain an access token for Machine-to-Machine connection secured via <code>CLIENT_ID</code> and <code>CLIENT_SECRET</code>.
```

  </dd>
</dl>

When you are done, the environment should look something like this:

<img src="./resources/environment-variables.png"/>

### Request

> Create a new `POST` request called "Get Access Token" in the "Authentication Tutorial" collection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a new `POST` request called `Get Access Token` in the `Authentication Tutorial` collection.
```

Set the request URL to `{{TOKEN_ENDPOINT}}`, and the request body to the following:

```
{
    "audience": "{{TOKEN_AUDIENCE}}",
    "client_id": "{{CLIENT_ID}}",
    "client_secret": "{{CLIENT_SECRET}}",
    "grant_type": "client_credentials"
}
```

When you are done, your request should look something like this:

<img src="./resources/get-access-token-request.png"/>

### Testing

> The "Get Access Token" request does not interact with the system under test, but it is nevertheless valuable to validate the response data so that problems which will cause failures in other requests are called out as early as possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Get Access Token` request does not interact with the system under test, but it is nevertheless valuable to validate the response data so that problems which will cause failures in other requests are called out as early as possible.
```

});

// The type of `access_token` returned by the token request is expected to be
// `Bearer`.
pm.test("response body must represent `Bearer` token", function() {
    const { token_type } = pm.response.json()
    pm.expect(token_type).to.equal("Bearer");
});

// The returned data includes an `expires_in` field that indicates time until
// token expiration. Validate that this value is a whole number greater than
// zero, as anything less than or equal to zero means that the `access_token`
// is already expired.
pm.test("returned token must expire in the future", function() {
    const { expires_in } = pm.response.json()
    pm.expect(expires_in).to.be.above(0);
});
```

### Running the Request

You can now click the blue "Send" button to make the "Get Access Token" request. If everything works properly, you should receive a response that looks something like this:

<img src="./resources/get-access-token-response.png"/>

If you switch the "Body" dropdown to "Test Results", you should see all tests passing. If any of your tests are failing, you will need to address the underlying issues before moving forward:

<img src="./resources/get-access-token-tests.png"/>

## Development

> The postman collection can be run from the colland-line using `newman` and a local `.env` file containing your organizations secrets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Postman collection can be run from the command-line using `newman` and a local `.env` file containing your organization's secrets.
```

> Copy the _sample.env_ to _.env_ and add values relevant to your organization, then use the following example to run the test suite from the command-line.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Copy the `sample.env` to `.env` and add values relevant to your organization; then use the following example to run the test suite from the command-line.
```

> 🔥 Be especially careful not to add your secrets to _example.env_ or to commit your _.env_ file to git. 🔥

Reviewer: ```suggestion
🔥 _**Be especially careful not to add your secrets to `example.env` or to commit your `.env` file to git.**_ 🔥
```

> _Example: Run postman collection from the command-line_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Example: Run postman collection from the command-line
```
